# CTFWriteups

This repoisitory serves as a place where I can store writeups and any other musings that I have about my journey in Cyber Security. I became interested in Cyber Security during my first bachelors degree. At the time I had been given the chance to take a couple of security classes but the course stream was not fleshed out. This meant that I didn't get enough experience to run with it and went into testing and development instead. After being laid off I chose to take the plunge and fill in the gaps in my experience through SANS. I hope to actually put into practice what I learn there with my current employer.

I was hesitant to participate in CTFs the first time, I'm not competitive regularly but after the first NCL I was hooked on the rush of problem solving. At this point in time I've now competed 6 times in the NCL between team and solo games. I also participated in an additional team game through the B-Sides conference hosted in my Home city. I'm now actively seeking out other security CTFs to participate in as a means to hone my skills and enjoy some friendly competition.

I think the highlight of every CTF for me has been a combination of two sections, OSINT and Cryptography. OSINT for me is a passion, it's amazing to see what you can find out in the wild unguarded that can be used to either locate a person or place or find critical information about a system or company. OSINT problems remind me that we always need to be deligent about what we put on the internet because it's going to be there forever. On the other hand Cryptography lets me see just how hard it can be to decode something that we want to hide. Those two sides of the coin provide a wide perspective on how much or little information is available on the internet.
